Update 0112-scaling-iot-location-assert-fees.md (#980)
helium/HIP: 0112-scaling-iot-location-assert-fees.md

## Summary

> This HIP proposes allowing one (1) free IOT Location assertion per rolling 365 epoch period for IOT Hotspots, including the initial assertion, and allowing one (1) free IOT assertion per one (1) epoch for IOT Data-only Hotspots. Any additional assertions conducted within the above rolling periods will be required to pay the existing $10 fee in Data Credits (1,000,000 DC) burn for Hotspots, and the existing $5 fee in Data Credits (500,000 DC) for Data-only Hotspots. This HIP also removes the fee ($10 for IOT Hotspot and $5 for IOT Data-Only Hotspots) associated with asserting the first initial location for Hotspots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This HIP proposes allowing one (1) free IOT Location assertion per rolling 365 epoch period for IOT Hotspots, including the initial assertion, and allowing one (1) free IOT assertion per one (1) epoch for IOT Data-only Hotspots. Any additional assertions conducted within the above rolling periods will be required to pay the existing $10 fee in Data Credits (1,000,000 DC) burn for Hotspots, and the existing $5 fee in Data Credits (500,000 DC) for Data-only Hotspots. This HIP also removes the fee ($10 for IOT Hotspot and $5 for IOT Data-Only Hotspots) associated with asserting the initial location for Hotspots during onboarding.
```

## Stakeholders

- **New IOT Hotspot Owners** who have a new Hotspot in which the maker wallet does not contain appropriate funds to cover the initial assertion will now be able to complete that initial assertion for free.

> - **IOT Hotspot Owners** will be able to assert their location for free once per year, including their first initial assert.
> - **Data-only IOT Hotspot Owners** will be able to assert their location for free once per day, including their first initial assert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **IOT Hotspot Owners** will be able to assert their location for free once per year, including their first assert.
- **Data-only IOT Hotspot Owners** will be able to assert their location for free once per day, including their initial assert.
```

Author: Accept all changes to all comments, good to merge
